[Music]
this is the definitive series on the
oceans we spent over 6,000 hours of
underwater launch 125 expeditions across
39 countries filming every ocean all the
people that have contributed to us
actually getting the shots and telling
the story I say it is about 500 people
we knew that we're going to have to
collaborate the science all the way
through this with marine biologists with
oceanographers with a great
oceanographic institutions and it would
be really through a collaboration with
them that we would hopefully get the
news stories we wanted to tell so the
combination of bringing scientists on
board with submersibles onto a boat as
well equipped for science research as
this is really unusually exceptional I
mean because without saying for those of
us as scientists that almost all of us
that I've ever met her inspired by this
kind of imagery so so later in life in
our career to sort of be able to give
back that and know of that out there
there's a child there's a young person
to watch that it's the beginning of a
new career you know you just feel you
know that when you see the children and
you see everybody watching this and you
know when you see these scenes that
that's the next generation inspired to
take this the next goal in 30
to find out where you can watch Bhutan
it to go to VCF comm /of blue planet to
you